# QiFei-APP
Aim to provide a friendly interactive training proAcess for autistic children

The design concept of QiFei APP is to use information technology to informationize the curriculum designed according to Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA), so that autistic children can more easily receive professional autistic curriculum education, and can also be used as an auxiliary tool to help autistic teachers reduce the burden of school work. 

In the whole app system, we mainly design three functional modules: **Learning module**, **Entertainment module** and **Data Center module**. Among them, the learning module mainly uses the image recognition technology to realize the accurate recognition of 367 kinds of entity cards. Combined with the ABA card recognition course content, it completes the card recognition training for children with autism. In this module, we divide 367 kinds of entity cards into 6 categories according to their categories. When users use this module, they will first select the card category of this cognitive training, and then enter the unit training mode. In this mode, the device will prompt the autistic children with voice to select the specified card and display it to the camera visual area of the device. After that, the device will judge the child's response, record the child's accuracy, response time and other relevant data, and give corresponding voice feedback or prompts, so as to complete the card training content in the ABA course, and obtain the corresponding experience value, badge trophy and other rewards. The entertainment module is similar to the learning module. The main difference lies in the combination of image recognition technology and game mode in the entertainment module. When using the module, the user needs to select the corresponding level to play, and the child needs to correctly display the voice prompt card to the device within a limited time, so as to obtain the experience value to pass the level and improve the level. When children's level is improved, they will unlock new levels and gain some badges and trophies in the process of playing, so as to enhance the fun of playing and children's interest in learning. The data center module is to manage the user's personal data and the related data of autistic children, and to show the children's learning status in a visual form, so that parents can intuitively feel the children's learning status. At the same time, the badges and trophies gained by children through learning and playing will also be displayed to enhance their sense of achievement and interest in learning so as to achieve better educational effect.

